[CWS] make exec event document clearer (#33783)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/cloud-workload-security/linux_expressions.md

| `chown` | File | A file’s owner was changed | 7.27 |
| `connect` | Network | A connect was executed | 7.60 |
| `dns` | Network | A DNS request was sent | 7.36 |

> | `exec` | Process | A process was executed. Doesn't trigger on fork syscalls | 7.27 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `exec` | Process | A process was executed. This event does not trigger on fork syscalls. | 7.27 |
```

### Event `exec`

> A process was executed. Doesn't trigger on fork syscalls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A process was executed. This event does not trigger on fork syscalls.
```
